contents/styled-system/configure/default-config.mdx, before:

---
title: Default Config
description: Default config of Yamada UI.
order: 1
---

The default config is set with values such as `initialColorMode` used in [Color Mode](/styled-system/color-mode).

Here are the actual set values.

```ts
const config: ThemeConfig = {
  initialColorMode: "light",
  disableTransitionOnChange: false,
  var: { prefix: "ui" },
}
```

| Property                    | Description                                                                                                    | Default            |
| --------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| `initialThemeScheme`        | Initial value of the theme used in [Switch Themes](/styled-system/theming/switch-theme).                       | `base`             |
| `initialColorMode`          | Initial value of the color mode. Accepts `light`, `dark`, `system`.                                            | `light`            |
| `disableTransitionOnChange` | Setting to avoid unnecessary movements due to transitions during color mode switching.                         | `false`            |
| `var`                       | Setting used for CSS `custom properties`.                                                                      | `{ prefix: 'ui' }` |
| `date`                      | Setting used in [Calendar](/components/data-display/calendar) and [DatePicker](/components/forms/date-picker). | `undefined`        |
| `loading`                   | Setting used in [Loading](/styled-system/loading).                                                             | `undefined`        |
| `notice`                    | Setting used in [Notification](/styled-system/notification).                                                   | `undefined`        |
| `motion`                    | Setting used in [framer-motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/motion-config/).                                 | `undefined`        |

Commit message:

docs: updated responsive design docs and config

contents/styled-system/configure/default-config.mdx, after:

---
title: Default Config
description: Default config of Yamada UI.
order: 1
---

The default config is set with values such as `initialColorMode` used in [Color Mode](/styled-system/color-mode).

Here are the actual set values.

```ts
const config: ThemeConfig = {
  initialColorMode: "light",
  disableTransitionOnChange: false,
  var: { prefix: "ui" },
  breakpoint: "down",
}
```

| Property                    | Description                                                                                                                                                          | Default            |
| --------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| `initialThemeScheme`        | Initial value of the theme used in [Switch Themes](/styled-system/theming/switch-theme).                                                                             | `"base"`           |
| `initialColorMode`          | Initial value of the color mode. Accepts `light`, `dark`, `system`.                                                                                                  | `"light"`          |
| `disableTransitionOnChange` | Setting to avoid unnecessary movements due to transitions during color mode switching.                                                                               | `false`            |
| `breakpoint`                | Sets the direction of breakpoints for responsive design. `"up"` for mobile-first using `@media(min-width)` and `"down"` for desktop-first using `@media(max-width)`. | `"down"`           |
| `var`                       | Setting used for CSS `custom properties`.                                                                                                                            | `{ prefix: "ui" }` |
| `date`                      | Setting used in [Calendar](/components/data-display/calendar) and [DatePicker](/components/forms/date-picker).                                                       | `undefined`        |
| `loading`                   | Setting used in [Loading](/styled-system/loading).                                                                                                                   | `undefined`        |
| `notice`                    | Setting used in [Notification](/styled-system/notification).                                                                                                         | `undefined`        |
| `motion`                    | Setting used in [framer-motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/motion-config/).                                                                                       | `undefined`        |
