contents/getting-started/frameworks/nextjs/app-router.mdx, before:

---
title: Getting Started with Next.js
description: A guide to installing and using Yamada UI in your Next.js project.
tab: App Router
---

## Install the package

First, create an application.

Run one of the following commands in the terminal.

<PackageManagers
  packageNameOrCommand={{
    pnpm: "pnpm create next-app my-app --typescript",
    npm: "npx create-next-app my-app --typescript",
    yarn: "yarn create next-app my-app --typescript",
  }}
/>

With Yamada UI, you can use most components and hooks just by installing `@yamada-ui/react` and `@yamada-ui/nextjs`.

<PackageManagers packageNameOrCommand={["@yamada-ui/react", "@yamada-ui/nextjs"]} />

If you want to use tables, calendars, carousels, etc., you need to install them separately.

<SelectPackageManagers
  packages={[
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/table",
      description: "Provides a convenient table component using `@tanstack/react-table`.",
      isDefaultCheck: true,
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/calendar",
      description: "Provides a convenient calendar and date picker component using `dayjs`.",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/carousel",
      description: "Provides a convenient carousel component using `embla-carousel-react`.",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/dropzone",
      description: "Provides a convenient dropzone component using `react-dropzone`.",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/markdown",
      description:
        "Provides a convenient markdown component using `react-markdown` and `react-syntax-highlighter`.",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/fontawesome",
      description: "Provides a component for conveniently using `Font Awesome`.",
    },
  ]}
/>

:::note
To improve performance by installing components and hooks individually, please check [here](/getting-started/installation/individually).
If you only want to use the Yamada UI style system, please check [here](/getting-started/installation/minimal).
:::

## Add `UIProvider`, `CacheProvider`, and `ColorModeScript`

In Next.js 13, `server components` are used by default. However, **Yamada UI is a `client component`**.

Pages and components that use Yamada UI components need to add `'use client'` and convert to `client components`.

After installing Yamada UI, add `UIProvider`, `CacheProvider`, and `ColorModeScript`.

```tsx live=false title=layout.tsx highlight={10,12,13,14}
"use client"

import { colorModeManager, UIProvider, ColorModeScript } from "@yamada-ui/react"
import { CacheProvider } from "@yamada-ui/nextjs"

const { cookieStorageManager } = colorModeManager

export default function RootLayout({ children }: { children: React.ReactNode }) {
  return (
    <html lang="en">
      <body>
        <ColorModeScript type="cookie" nonce="testing" />

        <CacheProvider>
          <UIProvider colorModeManager={cookieStorageManager}>{children}</UIProvider>
        </CacheProvider>
      </body>
    </html>
  )
}
```

:::note status=warning
You need to add `'use client'` at the beginning of the page.
:::

## Using the Component

Once you've added `UIProvider`, you call the component within the application.

```tsx live=false title=page.tsx
"use client"

import { Button } from "@yamada-ui/react"

export default function Home() {
  return <Button>Click me!</Button>
}
```

:::note status=warning
You need to add `'use client'` at the beginning of the page.
:::

Commit message:

docs: updated component links in docs

contents/getting-started/frameworks/nextjs/app-router.mdx, after:

---
title: Getting Started with Next.js
description: A guide to installing and using Yamada UI in your Next.js project.
tab: App Router
---

## Install the package

First, create your application.

Execute one of the following commands in your terminal.

<PackageManagers
  packageNameOrCommand={{
    pnpm: "pnpm create next-app my-app --typescript",
    npm: "npx create-next-app my-app --typescript",
    yarn: "yarn create next-app my-app --typescript",
  }}
/>

Yamada UI allows you to use most components and hooks by simply installing `@yamada-ui/react` and `@yamada-ui/nextjs`.

<PackageManagers packageNameOrCommand={["@yamada-ui/react", "@yamada-ui/nextjs"]} />

If you want to use tables, calendars, carousels, etc., you need to install them separately.

<SelectPackageManagers
  packages={[
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/table",
      description:
        "Provides convenient table components using [`@tanstack/react-table`](https://tanstack.com/table/v8).",
      isDefaultCheck: true,
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/calendar",
      description:
        "Provides convenient calendar and date picker components using [dayjs](https://day.js.org/).",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/carousel",
      description:
        "Provides convenient carousel components using [embla-carousel-react](https://www.embla-carousel.com/).",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/dropzone",
      description:
        "Provides convenient dropzone components using [react-dropzone](https://react-dropzone.js.org/).",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/markdown",
      description:
        "Provides convenient markdown components using [react-markdown](https://remarkjs.github.io/react-markdown/) and [react-syntax-highlighter](https://react-syntax-highlighter.github.io/react-syntax-highlighter/demo/).",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/fontawesome",
      description:
        "Provides components for conveniently using [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/).",
    },
  ]}
/>

:::note
To install individual components or hooks for improved performance, please check [here](/getting-started/installation/individually).
If you want to use only the Yamada UI style system, please check [here](/getting-started/installation/minimal).
:::

## Add `UIProvider`, `CacheProvider`, and `ColorModeScript`

In Next.js 13, `server components` are used by default. However, **Yamada UI is a `client component`**.

Pages and components using Yamada UI components need to add `'use client'` to convert them into `client components`.

After installing Yamada UI, add `UIProvider`, `CacheProvider`, and `ColorModeScript`.

```tsx live=false title=layout.tsx highlight={10,12,13,14}
"use client"

import { colorModeManager, UIProvider, ColorModeScript } from "@yamada-ui/react"
import { CacheProvider } from "@yamada-ui/nextjs"

const { cookieStorageManager } = colorModeManager

export default function RootLayout({ children }: { children: React.ReactNode }) {
  return (
    <html lang="en">
      <body>
        <ColorModeScript type="cookie" nonce="testing" />

        <CacheProvider>
          <UIProvider colorModeManager={cookieStorageManager}>{children}</UIProvider>
        </CacheProvider>
      </body>
    </html>
  )
}
```

:::note status=warning
You need to add `'use client'` at the beginning of the page.
:::

## Use components

After adding `UIProvider`, call the components within your application.

```tsx live=false title=page.tsx
"use client"

import { Button } from "@yamada-ui/react"

export default function Home() {
  return <Button>Click me!</Button>
}
```

:::note status=warning
You need to add `'use client'` at the beginning of the page.
:::
