contents/components/data-display/carousel/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Carousel
description: "`Carousel` is a component that displays multiple elements like a slideshow."
package_name: "@yamada-ui/carousel"
is_tabs: true
with_description: true
tab: Usage
---

## Import

```ts
import {
  Carousel,
  CarouselSlide,
  CarouselControlNext,
  CarouselControlPrev,
  CarouselIndicators,
} from "@yamada-ui/react"
```

- `Carousel`: A wrapper component that controls the child elements (`CarouselSlide`).
- `CarouselSlide`: A component that displays a slide.
- `CarouselControlNext`: A component for the button that shows the next slide.
- `CarouselControlPrev`: A component for the button that shows the previous slide.
- `CarouselIndicators`: A component that displays the number of slides and the current slide position.

:::note
`CarouselControlNext`, `CarouselControlPrev`, and `CarouselIndicators` can be omitted.
:::

## Usage

:::note
`Carousel` internally uses [embla-carousel-react](https://www.embla-carousel.com/).
:::

```tsx
<Carousel>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Specify the size

```tsx functional=true
const sizeMap = ["sm", "md", "lg", "xl"]
return (
  <VStack>
    {sizeMap.map((size) => (
      <Carousel key={size} size={size}>
        <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
          1
        </CarouselSlide>
        <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
          2
        </CarouselSlide>
        <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
          3
        </CarouselSlide>
        <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
          4
        </CarouselSlide>
      </Carousel>
    ))}
  </VStack>
)
```

### Change the direction

To change the direction, set `orientation` to `horizontal` or `vertical`. By default, `horizontal` is set.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Carousel orientation="horizontal">
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>

  <Carousel orientation="vertical">
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>
</VStack>
```

### Select the default slide

To select the default slide, set `defaultIndex` to the `index`.

```tsx
<Carousel defaultIndex={1}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Adjust the space between slides

To adjust the space between slides, set `gap` to a string or a number. By default, `1rem` is set.

```tsx
<Carousel gap={0}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Change the speed of slide transition

To change the speed of slide transition, set `speed` to a number. By default, `10` is set.

```tsx
<Carousel speed={50}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Change the size of the slides

To change the size of the slides, set `slideSize` to a string or a number. By default, `100%` is set.

If you want to change the size of individual slides, set the value to `size` of `CarouselSlide`.

```tsx
<Carousel slideSize="50%">
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary" size="100%">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Change the alignment of the slides

To change the alignment of the slides, set `align` to `start`, `center`, `end`, or a number. By default, `center` is set.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Carousel slideSize="50%" align="center">
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>

  <Carousel slideSize="50%" align="start">
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>

  <Carousel slideSize="50%" align="end">
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>
</VStack>
```

### Change the number of slides to scroll

To change the number of slides to scroll, set `slidesToScroll` to a number. By default, `1` is set.

```tsx
<Carousel slideSize="33.3%" slidesToScroll={3} loop={false}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    5
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    6
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    7
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    8
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    9
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Use autoplay

To use autoplay, set `autoplay` to `true`.

```tsx
<Carousel autoplay>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

#### Change the autoplay interval

To change the autoplay interval, set `delay` to a number (milliseconds). By default, `4000` is set.

```tsx
<Carousel autoplay delay={1000}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

#### Do not stop autoplay on mouse enter

By default, autoplay stops when the element is hovered over. To prevent this, set `stopMouseEnterAutoplay` to `false`.

```tsx
<Carousel autoplay stopMouseEnterAutoplay={false}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Use drag-free

By setting `dragFree` to `true`, you can freely drag the slides.

```tsx
<Carousel dragFree>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Disable looping

To disable looping, set `loop` to `false`.

```tsx
<Carousel loop={false}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Disable dragging

To disable dragging, set `draggable` to `false`.

```tsx
<Carousel draggable={false}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Disable control buttons

To disable control buttons, set `withControls` to `false`.

```tsx
<Carousel withControls={false}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Customize control buttons

To customize control buttons, set `props` to `controlProps` or `controlPrevProps`, or use `CarouselControlPrev` or `CarouselControlNext`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Carousel controlProps={{ icon: <FontAwesomeIcon icon={faPoo} /> }}>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>

  <Carousel controlPrevProps={{ icon: <FontAwesomeIcon icon={faArrowLeft} /> }}>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>

  <Carousel
    controlNextProps={{ icon: <FontAwesomeIcon icon={faArrowRight} /> }}
  >
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>

  <Carousel>
    <CarouselControlPrev icon={<FontAwesomeIcon icon={faArrowLeft} />} />
    <CarouselControlNext icon={<FontAwesomeIcon icon={faArrowRight} />} />

    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>
</VStack>
```

### Disable indicators

To disable indicators, set `withIndicators` to `false`.

```tsx
<Carousel withIndicators={false}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Customize indicators

To customize indicators, set `props` to `indicatorsProps`, or use `CarouselIndicators`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Carousel
    indicatorsProps={{
      bottom: "8",
      component: ({ isSelected }) => (
        <FontAwesomeIcon
          icon={faPoo}
          color={isSelected ? "whiteAlpha.700" : "whiteAlpha.400"}
          cursor="pointer"
        />
      ),
    }}
  >
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>

  <Carousel>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>

    <CarouselIndicators
      sx={{
        "& > *": {
          w: "4",
          _selected: { w: "12" },
          transitionProperty: "width",
          transitionDuration: "slower",
        },
      }}
    />
  </Carousel>
</VStack>
```

### Control

```tsx functional=true
const [index, onChange] = useState<number>(0)

return (
  <Carousel draggable={false} index={index} onChange={onChange}>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>
)
```

You can access the current scroll amount using `onScrollProgress`.

```tsx functional=true
const [value, onScrollProgress] = useState<number>(0)

return (
  <>
    <Carousel loop={false} dragFree onScrollProgress={onScrollProgress}>
      <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
        1
      </CarouselSlide>
      <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
        2
      </CarouselSlide>
      <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
        3
      </CarouselSlide>
      <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
        4
      </CarouselSlide>
    </Carousel>

    <Progress value={value} colorScheme="gray" />
  </>
)
```

Commit message:

fix(carousel): correct import path in carousel documentation

contents/components/data-display/carousel/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Carousel
description: "`Carousel` is a component that displays multiple elements like a slideshow."
package_name: "@yamada-ui/carousel"
is_tabs: true
with_description: true
tab: Usage
---

## Import

<PackageManagers packageNameOrCommand="@yamada-ui/carousel" />

:::note status=warning
`@yamada-ui/carousel` is not included in `@yamada-ui/react`, so it needs to be installed separately.
:::

```ts
import {
  Carousel,
  CarouselSlide,
  CarouselControlNext,
  CarouselControlPrev,
  CarouselIndicators,
} from "@yamada-ui/carousel"
```

- `Carousel`: A wrapper component that controls the child elements (`CarouselSlide`).
- `CarouselSlide`: A component that displays a slide.
- `CarouselControlNext`: A component for the button that shows the next slide.
- `CarouselControlPrev`: A component for the button that shows the previous slide.
- `CarouselIndicators`: A component that displays the number of slides and the current slide position.

:::note
`CarouselControlNext`, `CarouselControlPrev`, and `CarouselIndicators` can be omitted.
:::

## Usage

:::note
`Carousel` internally uses [embla-carousel-react](https://www.embla-carousel.com/).
:::

```tsx
<Carousel>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Specify the size

```tsx functional=true
const sizeMap = ["sm", "md", "lg", "xl"]
return (
  <VStack>
    {sizeMap.map((size) => (
      <Carousel key={size} size={size}>
        <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
          1
        </CarouselSlide>
        <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
          2
        </CarouselSlide>
        <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
          3
        </CarouselSlide>
        <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
          4
        </CarouselSlide>
      </Carousel>
    ))}
  </VStack>
)
```

### Change the direction

To change the direction, set `orientation` to `horizontal` or `vertical`. By default, `horizontal` is set.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Carousel orientation="horizontal">
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>

  <Carousel orientation="vertical">
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>
</VStack>
```

### Select the default slide

To select the default slide, set `defaultIndex` to the `index`.

```tsx
<Carousel defaultIndex={1}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Adjust the space between slides

To adjust the space between slides, set `gap` to a string or a number. By default, `1rem` is set.

```tsx
<Carousel gap={0}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Change the speed of slide transition

To change the speed of slide transition, set `speed` to a number. By default, `10` is set.

```tsx
<Carousel speed={50}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Change the size of the slides

To change the size of the slides, set `slideSize` to a string or a number. By default, `100%` is set.

If you want to change the size of individual slides, set the value to `size` of `CarouselSlide`.

```tsx
<Carousel slideSize="50%">
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary" size="100%">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Change the alignment of the slides

To change the alignment of the slides, set `align` to `start`, `center`, `end`, or a number. By default, `center` is set.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Carousel slideSize="50%" align="center">
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>

  <Carousel slideSize="50%" align="start">
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>

  <Carousel slideSize="50%" align="end">
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>
</VStack>
```

### Change the number of slides to scroll

To change the number of slides to scroll, set `slidesToScroll` to a number. By default, `1` is set.

```tsx
<Carousel slideSize="33.3%" slidesToScroll={3} loop={false}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    5
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    6
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    7
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    8
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    9
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Use autoplay

To use autoplay, set `autoplay` to `true`.

```tsx
<Carousel autoplay>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

#### Change the autoplay interval

To change the autoplay interval, set `delay` to a number (milliseconds). By default, `4000` is set.

```tsx
<Carousel autoplay delay={1000}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

#### Do not stop autoplay on mouse enter

By default, autoplay stops when the element is hovered over. To prevent this, set `stopMouseEnterAutoplay` to `false`.

```tsx
<Carousel autoplay stopMouseEnterAutoplay={false}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Use drag-free

By setting `dragFree` to `true`, you can freely drag the slides.

```tsx
<Carousel dragFree>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Disable looping

To disable looping, set `loop` to `false`.

```tsx
<Carousel loop={false}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Disable dragging

To disable dragging, set `draggable` to `false`.

```tsx
<Carousel draggable={false}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Disable control buttons

To disable control buttons, set `withControls` to `false`.

```tsx
<Carousel withControls={false}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Customize control buttons

To customize control buttons, set `props` to `controlProps` or `controlPrevProps`, or use `CarouselControlPrev` or `CarouselControlNext`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Carousel controlProps={{ icon: <FontAwesomeIcon icon={faPoo} /> }}>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>

  <Carousel controlPrevProps={{ icon: <FontAwesomeIcon icon={faArrowLeft} /> }}>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>

  <Carousel
    controlNextProps={{ icon: <FontAwesomeIcon icon={faArrowRight} /> }}
  >
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>

  <Carousel>
    <CarouselControlPrev icon={<FontAwesomeIcon icon={faArrowLeft} />} />
    <CarouselControlNext icon={<FontAwesomeIcon icon={faArrowRight} />} />

    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>
</VStack>
```

### Disable indicators

To disable indicators, set `withIndicators` to `false`.

```tsx
<Carousel withIndicators={false}>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
    1
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
    2
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
    3
  </CarouselSlide>
  <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
    4
  </CarouselSlide>
</Carousel>
```

### Customize indicators

To customize indicators, set `props` to `indicatorsProps`, or use `CarouselIndicators`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Carousel
    indicatorsProps={{
      bottom: "8",
      component: ({ isSelected }) => (
        <FontAwesomeIcon
          icon={faPoo}
          color={isSelected ? "whiteAlpha.700" : "whiteAlpha.400"}
          cursor="pointer"
        />
      ),
    }}
  >
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>

  <Carousel>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>

    <CarouselIndicators
      sx={{
        "& > *": {
          w: "4",
          _selected: { w: "12" },
          transitionProperty: "width",
          transitionDuration: "slower",
        },
      }}
    />
  </Carousel>
</VStack>
```

### Control

```tsx functional=true
const [index, onChange] = useState<number>(0)

return (
  <Carousel draggable={false} index={index} onChange={onChange}>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
      1
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
      2
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
      3
    </CarouselSlide>
    <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
      4
    </CarouselSlide>
  </Carousel>
)
```

You can access the current scroll amount using `onScrollProgress`.

```tsx functional=true
const [value, onScrollProgress] = useState<number>(0)

return (
  <>
    <Carousel loop={false} dragFree onScrollProgress={onScrollProgress}>
      <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="primary">
        1
      </CarouselSlide>
      <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="secondary">
        2
      </CarouselSlide>
      <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="warning">
        3
      </CarouselSlide>
      <CarouselSlide as={Center} bg="danger">
        4
      </CarouselSlide>
    </Carousel>

    <Progress value={value} colorScheme="gray" />
  </>
)
```
