contents/styled-system/responsive-styles.mdx, before:

---
title: Responsive Styles
description: Yamada UI supports ready-to-use responsive styles.
order: 4
---

Yamada UI supports ready-to-use responsive styles. Just pass an object to the style's `props` to support PC-first responsive styles.

:::note status=warning
Yamada UI uses `@media(max-width)` media queries for responsive design.
:::

## About Breakpoints

Responsive styles refer to the breakpoints defined in the theme. Yamada UI has a [Default Theme](/styled-system/theming/default-theme) where breakpoints are defined.

Here are the actual defined values.

```ts title=breakpoints.ts
export const breakpoints = {
  sm: "30em", // 480px
  md: "48em", // 768px
  lg: "61em", // 976px
  xl: "80em", // 1280px
  "2xl": "90em", // 1440px
}
```

:::note
If you want to change the breakpoints, please check [here](#customizing-breakpoints).
:::

## Syntax for Responsive Styles

To set responsive styles, simply pass an object to the style's `props` to support PC-first responsive styles.

- The keys of the object define the keys set in the theme's [breakpoints](#about-breakpoints).
- The values of the object define the values of the styles set by the key.

```tsx
<Box
  w="full"
  p="md"
  bg={{ base: "primary", "2xl": "secondary", xl: "warning", lg: "danger" }}
  color="white"
>
  This is Box
</Box>
```

The above code generates the following `CSS`.

```css
.Box {
  background: var(--ui-colors-primary);

  @media screen and (max-width: 1440px) {
    background: var(--ui-colors-secondary);
  }

  @media screen and (max-width: 1280px) {
    background: var(--ui-colors-warning);
  }

  @media screen and (max-width: 976px) {
    background: var(--ui-colors-warning);
  }

  @media screen and (max-width: 480px) {
    background: var(--ui-colors-danger);
  }
}
```

## Responsive Utilities

Yamada UI provides useful custom hooks for building responsive layouts.

### Using `useBreakpoint`

To get the current breakpoint within a component, use `useBreakpoint`.

```tsx functional=true
const breakpoint = useBreakpoint()

return <Box p="md">The current breakpoint is "{breakpoint}"</Box>
```

### Usage of `useBreakpointValue`

`useBreakpointValue` is a custom hook that returns the value of the current breakpoint from the object passed as an argument.

```tsx functional=true
const breakpoint = useBreakpoint()
const bg = useBreakpointValue({
  base: "red.500",
  xl: "blue.500",
  lg: "green.500",
  md: "yellow.500",
  sm: "purple.500",
})

return (
  <Box bg={bg} p="md" color="white">
    The current breakpoint is "{breakpoint}"
  </Box>
)
```

This is suitable for setting the style of components from libraries other than Yamada UI.

## Customizing Breakpoints

Depending on the scenario, you may need to define the breakpoints of your application.

We recommend using common aliases such as `sm`, `md`, `lg`, `xl`, etc.

```tsx live=false
import { UIProvider, extendTheme } from "@yamada-ui/react"

const breakpoints = {
  sm: "376px",
  MD: "768px",
  lg: "960px",
  xl: "1200px",
  "2xl": "1440px",
}

const customTheme = extendTheme({ breakpoints })({ omit: "breakpoints" })

const App = () => {
  return (
    <UIProvider theme={customTheme}>
      <YourApplication />
    </UIProvider>
  )
}
```

:::note
If you want to learn more about themes, please check [Customize Theme](/styled-system/theming/customize-theme) and [Component Styles](/styled-system/theming/component-styles).
:::

Commit message:

docs: updated responsive design docs and config

contents/styled-system/responsive-styles.mdx, after:

---
title: Responsive Styles
description: Yamada UI supports ready-to-use responsive styles.
order: 4
---

Yamada UI supports ready-to-use responsive styles. Just pass an object to the style's `props` to support PC-first responsive styles.

:::note status=warning
Yamada UI uses `@media(max-width)` media queries for responsive design by default. If you prefer to use `@media(min-width)` media queries, please see [Customize Config](/styled-system/configure/customize-config).
:::

## About Breakpoints

Responsive styles refer to the breakpoints defined in the theme. Yamada UI has a [Default Theme](/styled-system/theming/default-theme) where breakpoints are defined.

Here are the actual defined values.

```ts title=breakpoints.ts
export const breakpoints = {
  sm: "30em", // 480px
  md: "48em", // 768px
  lg: "61em", // 976px
  xl: "80em", // 1280px
  "2xl": "90em", // 1440px
}
```

:::note
If you want to change the breakpoints, please check [here](#customizing-breakpoints).
:::

## Syntax for Responsive Styles

To set responsive styles, simply pass an object to the style's `props` to support PC-first responsive styles.

- The keys of the object define the keys set in the theme's [breakpoints](#about-breakpoints).
- The values of the object define the values of the styles set by the key.

```tsx
<Box
  w="full"
  p="md"
  bg={{ base: "primary", "2xl": "secondary", xl: "warning", lg: "danger" }}
  color="white"
>
  This is Box
</Box>
```

The above code generates the following `CSS`.

```css
.Box {
  background: var(--ui-colors-primary);

  @media screen and (max-width: 1440px) {
    background: var(--ui-colors-secondary);
  }

  @media screen and (max-width: 1280px) {
    background: var(--ui-colors-warning);
  }

  @media screen and (max-width: 976px) {
    background: var(--ui-colors-warning);
  }

  @media screen and (max-width: 480px) {
    background: var(--ui-colors-danger);
  }
}
```

## Responsive Utilities

Yamada UI provides useful custom hooks for building responsive layouts.

### Using `useBreakpoint`

To get the current breakpoint within a component, use `useBreakpoint`.

```tsx functional=true
const breakpoint = useBreakpoint()

return <Box p="md">The current breakpoint is "{breakpoint}"</Box>
```

### Usage of `useBreakpointValue`

`useBreakpointValue` is a custom hook that returns the value of the current breakpoint from the object passed as an argument.

```tsx functional=true
const breakpoint = useBreakpoint()
const bg = useBreakpointValue({
  base: "red.500",
  xl: "blue.500",
  lg: "green.500",
  md: "yellow.500",
  sm: "purple.500",
})

return (
  <Box bg={bg} p="md" color="white">
    The current breakpoint is "{breakpoint}"
  </Box>
)
```

This is suitable for setting the style of components from libraries other than Yamada UI.

## Customizing Breakpoints

Depending on the scenario, you may need to define the breakpoints of your application.

We recommend using common aliases such as `sm`, `md`, `lg`, `xl`, etc.

```tsx live=false
import { UIProvider, extendTheme } from "@yamada-ui/react"

const breakpoints = {
  sm: "376px",
  MD: "768px",
  lg: "960px",
  xl: "1200px",
  "2xl": "1440px",
}

const customTheme = extendTheme({ breakpoints })({ omit: "breakpoints" })

const App = () => {
  return (
    <UIProvider theme={customTheme}>
      <YourApplication />
    </UIProvider>
  )
}
```

:::note
If you want to learn more about themes, please check [Customize Theme](/styled-system/theming/customize-theme) and [Component Styles](/styled-system/theming/component-styles).
:::
