contents/getting-started/installation/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Installation
description: How to install and use Yamada UI in your project.
order: 1
is_tabs: true
tab: All
---

:::note
If you are creating a site or landing page, not an app, we recommend [minimal](/getting-started/installation/minimal).
:::

## Install the Package

By installing `@yamada-ui/react`, you can use most of the components and hooks in Yamada UI.

Run one of the following commands in your terminal.

<PackageManagers packageNameOrCommand="@yamada-ui/react" />

If you want to use features like tables, calendars, carousels, etc., you need to install them separately.

<SelectPackageManagers
  packages={[
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/table",
      description: "Provides a handy table component using `@tanstack/react-table`.",
      isDefaultCheck: true,
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/calendar",
      description: "Provides a handy calendar and date picker component using `dayjs`.",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/carousel",
      description: "Provides a handy carousel component using `embla-carousel-react`.",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/dropzone",
      description: "Provides a handy dropzone component using `react-dropzone`.",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/markdown",
      description:
        "Provides a handy markdown component using `react-markdown` and `react-syntax-highlighter`.",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/fontawesome",
      description: "Provides a component for convenient use of `Font Awesome`.",
    },
  ]}
/>

:::note status=warning
Yamada UI is only compatible with React 18. If you are using React 17 or earlier, please upgrade to React 18.
:::

## Add `UIProvider`

After installing Yamada UI, add `UIProvider` to the root of your application.

```tsx live=false highlight={5,7}
import { UIProvider } from "@yamada-ui/react"

const App = () => {
  return (
    <UIProvider>
      <YourApplication />
    </UIProvider>
  )
}
```

## Using the Component

Once you've added the `UIProvider`, call the component within your application.

```tsx live=false
import { Button } from "@yamada-ui/react"

const Demo = () => {
  return <Button>Click me!</Button>
}
```

With this, the setup of Yamada UI is complete!

## Start Learning

Why not learn the basics and themes to get to know Yamada UI? 😎

<CardContainer>
  <LinkCard href="/getting-started/basics" />
  <LinkCard
    href="/styled-system/theming"
    title="Learn about Themes"
    description="Get to know the default theme of Yamada UI, and learn how to create and change the values of color, font, and other theme elements."
  />
  <LinkCard
    href="/components"
    title="Explore Components"
    description="Yamada UI offers over 100 highly flexible components. All components support animations and dark mode."
  />
  <LinkCard
    href="https://github.com/hirotomoyamada/yamada-ui"
    title="Explore the Source Code"
    description="The package and documentation site of Yamada UI are open source. If you like Yamada UI, please give it a star."
  />
</CardContainer>

Commit message:

docs: updated component links in docs

contents/getting-started/installation/index.mdx, after:

````
---
title: Installation
description: How to install and use Yamada UI in your project.
order: 1
is_tabs: true
tab: All
---

:::note
If you are creating a site or landing page rather than an app, we recommend the [minimal](/getting-started/installation/minimal) setup.
:::

## Install the package

You can use most components and hooks by installing `@yamada-ui/react`.

Execute one of the following commands in your terminal.

<PackageManagers packageNameOrCommand="@yamada-ui/react" />

If you want to use tables, calendars, carousels, etc., you need to install them separately.

<SelectPackageManagers
  packages={[
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/table",
      description:
        "Provides convenient table components using [`@tanstack/react-table`](https://tanstack.com/table/v8).",
      isDefaultCheck: true,
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/calendar",
      description:
        "Provides convenient calendar and date picker components using [dayjs](https://day.js.org/).",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/carousel",
      description:
        "Provides convenient carousel components using [embla-carousel-react](https://www.embla-carousel.com/).",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/dropzone",
      description:
        "Provides convenient dropzone components using [react-dropzone](https://react-dropzone.js.org/).",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/markdown",
      description:
        "Provides convenient markdown components using [react-markdown](https://remarkjs.github.io/react-markdown/) and [react-syntax-highlighter](https://react-syntax-highlighter.github.io/react-syntax-highlighter/demo/).",
    },
    {
      name: "@yamada-ui/fontawesome",
      description:
        "Provides components for conveniently using [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/).",
    },
  ]}
/>

:::note status=warning
Yamada UI is only compatible with React 18. If you are using React 17 or earlier, please upgrade to React 18.
:::

## Add `UIProvider`

After installing Yamada UI, add `UIProvider` to the root of your application.

```tsx live=false highlight={5,7}
import { UIProvider } from "@yamada-ui/react"

const App = () => {
  return (
    <UIProvider>
      <YourApplication />
    </UIProvider>
  )
}
````

## Use components

Once you've added `UIProvider`, call the components within your application.

```tsx live=false
import { Button } from "@yamada-ui/react"

const Demo = () => {
  return <Button>Click me!</Button>
}
```

With this, the setup for Yamada UI is complete!

## Start learning

Why not learn the basics and themes to get to know Yamada UI? 😎

<CardContainer>
  <LinkCard href="/getting-started/basics" />
  <LinkCard
    href="/styled-system/theming"
    title="Learn about theming"
    description="Learn how to know the default theme of Yamada UI, and how to create and change colors, fonts, and other theme values."
  />
  <LinkCard
    href="/components"
    title="Explore components"
    description="Yamada UI offers over 100 flexible components. All components support animations and dark mode."
  />
  <LinkCard
    href="https://github.com/hirotomoyamada/yamada-ui"
    title="Explore the source code"
    description="The packages and documentation site for Yamada UI are open source. If you like Yamada UI, please give it a star."
  />
</CardContainer>
```
