contents/components/data-display/resizable/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Resizable
description: "`Resizable` is accessible resizable panel groups and layouts with keyboard support."
label: "New"
package_name: "@yamada-ui/resizable"
is_tabs: true
with_description: true
tab: Usage
---

## Import

```ts
import {
  Resizable,
  ResizableItem,
  ResizableTrigger,
  ResizableTriggerIcon,
} from "@yamada-ui/react"
```

- `Resizable`: A wrapper component that controls child elements (`ResizableItem`).
- `ResizableItem`: A size-adjustable component.
- `ResizableTrigger`: A component that separates `ResizableItem`.
- `ResizableTriggerIcon`: A component for the icon used in `ResizableTrigger`.

## Usage

```tsx
<Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
  <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

  <ResizableTrigger />

  <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
</Resizable>
```

### Change Variants

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable variant="spacer" h="md">
    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      One
    </ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      Two
    </ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Change Color Scheme

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable variant="spacer" colorScheme="primary" h="md">
    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      One
    </ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      Two
    </ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable variant="spacer" colorScheme="red" h="md">
    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      One
    </ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      Two
    </ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Change Direction

To change the direction, set `direction` to either `horizontal` or `vertical`. By default, `horizontal` is set.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable direction="horizontal" h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable direction="vertical" h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Set Default Values

To set default values, assign a numerical value to `defaultSize`.

```tsx
<Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
  <ResizableItem as={Center} defaultSize={30}>
    One
  </ResizableItem>

  <ResizableTrigger />

  <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
</Resizable>
```

### Set Minimum and Maximum Values

To set minimum and maximum values, assign a numerical value to `minSize` or `maxSize`.

```tsx
<Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
  <ResizableItem as={Center} minSize={30} maxSize={70}>
    One
  </ResizableItem>

  <ResizableTrigger />

  <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
</Resizable>
```

### Set Keyboard Step Values

To set keyboard step values, assign a numerical value to `keyboardStep`.

```tsx
<Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px" keyboardStep={25}>
  <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

  <ResizableTrigger />

  <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
</Resizable>
```

### Save Values

To save values, set a key for saving to local storage in `storageKey`.

:::note
If you dynamically mount `ResizableItem`, you need to set a numerical value to `order` to determine the order of the items.
:::

```tsx functional=true
const [showLeft, showLeftControls] = useBoolean(true)
const [showRight, showRightControls] = useBoolean(true)

return (
  <VStack>
    <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px" storageKey="persistence">
      <ResizableItem as={Center} id="one">
        One
      </ResizableItem>

      <ResizableTrigger />

      <ResizableItem as={Center} id="two">
        Two
      </ResizableItem>
    </Resizable>

    <Wrap gap="md">
      <Button onClick={showLeftControls.toggle}>
        {showLeft ? "Hidden" : "Show"} Left
      </Button>
      <Button onClick={showRightControls.toggle}>
        {showRight ? "Hidden" : "Show"} Right
      </Button>
    </Wrap>

    <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px" storageKey="conditional">
      {showLeft ? (
        <>
          <ResizableItem as={Center} id="left" minSize={10} order={1}>
            Left
          </ResizableItem>

          <ResizableTrigger />
        </>
      ) : null}

      <ResizableItem as={Center} id="middle" minSize={10} order={2}>
        Middle
      </ResizableItem>

      {showRight ? (
        <>
          <ResizableTrigger />

          <ResizableItem as={Center} id="right" minSize={10} order={3}>
            Right
          </ResizableItem>
        </>
      ) : null}
    </Resizable>
  </>
)
```

### Save Values to `cookies`

To save values to `cookies`, set `getItem` and `setItem` in `storage`.

:::note
This is an effective approach for sites rendered on the server side, such as with Next.js.
:::

```tsx functional=true
const storage: ResizableStorage = useMemo(
  () => ({
    getItem: (key) => {
      const match = document.cookie.match(new RegExp(`(^| )${key}=([^;]+)`))

      return match ? match[2] : null
    },
    setItem: (key, value) => {
      document.cookie = `${key}=${value}; max-age=31536000; path=/`
    },
  }),
  [],
)

return (
  <Resizable
    h="md"
    rounded="md"
    borderWidth="1px"
    storageKey="persistence"
    storage={storage}
  >
    <ResizableItem as={Center} id="one">
      One
    </ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center} id="two">
      Two
    </ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
)
```

### Enable Collapsing

To enable collapsing, set `collapsible` to `true`.

Specify the minimum value before collapsing with `minSize`, and the value when collapsed with `collapsedSize`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem
      as={Center}
      collapsedSize={10}
      collapsible
      defaultSize={20}
      minSize={20}
      maxSize={30}
      onCollapse={() => {
        console.log("collapsed item")
      }}
      onExpand={() => {
        console.log("expand item")
      }}
    >
      One
    </ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable direction="vertical" h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem
      as={Center}
      collapsedSize={10}
      collapsible
      defaultSize={25}
      minSize={25}
      maxSize={30}
      onCollapse={() => {
        console.log("collapsed item")
      }}
      onExpand={() => {
        console.log("expand item")
      }}
    >
      One
    </ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Add Icons

To add icons, set a `ReactElement` to `icon`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger icon={<ResizableTriggerIcon />} />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable direction="vertical" variant="spacer" h="md">
    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      One
    </ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger icon={<ResizableTriggerIcon />} />

    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      Two
    </ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Customize Icons

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger icon={<FontAwesomeIcon icon={faArrowsLeftRight} />} />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable direction="vertical" h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger icon={<FontAwesomeIcon icon={faArrowsLeftRight} />} />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Nested Structure

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Left</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem>
      <Resizable direction="vertical">
        <ResizableItem as={Center}>Top</ResizableItem>

        <ResizableTrigger />

        <ResizableItem as={Center}>Bottom</ResizableItem>
      </Resizable>
    </ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable direction="vertical" h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Top</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem>
      <Resizable>
        <ResizableItem as={Center}>Left</ResizableItem>

        <ResizableTrigger />

        <ResizableItem as={Center}>Right</ResizableItem>
      </Resizable>
    </ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Disable

To disable, set `isDisabled` to `true`. You can also disable individually by setting it on `ResizableTrigger`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable isDisabled h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Three</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger isDisabled />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Three</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Handle Resize Events

If you want to handle resize events, use `onResize`. `onResize` provides the changed size and the previous size.

```tsx
<Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
  <ResizableItem
    as={Center}
    onResize={(size, prevSize) => {
      console.log("resized", size, prevSize)
    }}
  >
    One
  </ResizableItem>

  <ResizableTrigger />

  <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
</Resizable>
```

### Control

```tsx functional=true
const controlRef = useRef<ResizableItemControl>(null)

return (
  <VStack>
    <Wrap gap="md">
      <Button
        onClick={() => {
          if (controlRef.current) controlRef.current.collapse()
        }}
      >
        Collapse "one"
      </Button>

      <Button
        onClick={() => {
          if (controlRef.current) controlRef.current.expand()
        }}
      >
        Expand "one"
      </Button>
      <Button
        onClick={() => {
          if (controlRef.current) controlRef.current.resize(30)
        }}
      >
        Resize "one" to 30
      </Button>

      <Button
        onClick={() => {
          if (controlRef.current) controlRef.current.resize(50)
        }}
      >
        Resize "one" to 50
      </Button>
    </Wrap>

    <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      <ResizableItem
        as={Center}
        controlRef={controlRef}
        collapsible
        collapsedSize={15}
        minSize={30}
        maxSize={50}
      >
        One
      </ResizableItem>

      <ResizableTrigger />

      <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
    </Resizable>
  </VStack>
)
```

Commit message:

docs: updated warning notes in resizable docs

contents/components/data-display/resizable/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Resizable
description: "`Resizable` is accessible resizable panel groups and layouts with keyboard support."
label: "New"
package_name: "@yamada-ui/resizable"
is_tabs: true
with_description: true
tab: Usage
---

## Import

```ts
import {
  Resizable,
  ResizableItem,
  ResizableTrigger,
  ResizableTriggerIcon,
} from "@yamada-ui/react"
```

- `Resizable`: A wrapper component that controls child elements (`ResizableItem`).
- `ResizableItem`: A size-adjustable component.
- `ResizableTrigger`: A component that separates `ResizableItem`.
- `ResizableTriggerIcon`: A component for the icon used in `ResizableTrigger`.

## Usage

```tsx
<Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
  <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

  <ResizableTrigger />

  <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
</Resizable>
```

### Change Variants

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable variant="spacer" h="md">
    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      One
    </ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      Two
    </ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Change Color Scheme

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable variant="spacer" colorScheme="primary" h="md">
    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      One
    </ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      Two
    </ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable variant="spacer" colorScheme="red" h="md">
    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      One
    </ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      Two
    </ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Change Direction

To change the direction, set `direction` to either `horizontal` or `vertical`. By default, `horizontal` is set.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable direction="horizontal" h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable direction="vertical" h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Set Default Values

To set default values, assign a numerical value to `defaultSize`.

```tsx
<Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
  <ResizableItem as={Center} defaultSize={30}>
    One
  </ResizableItem>

  <ResizableTrigger />

  <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
</Resizable>
```

### Set Minimum and Maximum Values

To set minimum and maximum values, assign a numerical value to `minSize` or `maxSize`.

```tsx
<Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
  <ResizableItem as={Center} minSize={30} maxSize={70}>
    One
  </ResizableItem>

  <ResizableTrigger />

  <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
</Resizable>
```

### Set Keyboard Step Values

To set keyboard step values, assign a numerical value to `keyboardStep`.

```tsx
<Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px" keyboardStep={25}>
  <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

  <ResizableTrigger />

  <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
</Resizable>
```

### Save Values

To save values, set a key for saving to local storage in `storageKey`.

:::note status=warning
When saving values to local storage or similar, you must set an `id` on `ResizableItem` to associate each saved value with the `ResizableItem`.
:::

:::note status=warning
If you dynamically mount `ResizableItem`, you need to set a numerical value to `order` to determine the order of the items.
:::

```tsx functional=true
const [showLeft, showLeftControls] = useBoolean(true)
const [showRight, showRightControls] = useBoolean(true)

return (
  <VStack>
    <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px" storageKey="persistence">
      <ResizableItem as={Center} id="one">
        One
      </ResizableItem>

      <ResizableTrigger />

      <ResizableItem as={Center} id="two">
        Two
      </ResizableItem>
    </Resizable>

    <Wrap gap="md">
      <Button onClick={showLeftControls.toggle}>
        {showLeft ? "Hidden" : "Show"} Left
      </Button>
      <Button onClick={showRightControls.toggle}>
        {showRight ? "Hidden" : "Show"} Right
      </Button>
    </Wrap>

    <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px" storageKey="conditional">
      {showLeft ? (
        <>
          <ResizableItem as={Center} id="left" minSize={10} order={1}>
            Left
          </ResizableItem>

          <ResizableTrigger />
        </>
      ) : null}

      <ResizableItem as={Center} id="middle" minSize={10} order={2}>
        Middle
      </ResizableItem>

      {showRight ? (
        <>
          <ResizableTrigger />

          <ResizableItem as={Center} id="right" minSize={10} order={3}>
            Right
          </ResizableItem>
        </>
      ) : null}
    </Resizable>
  </>
)
```

### Save Values to `cookies`

To save values to `cookies`, set `getItem` and `setItem` in `storage`.

:::note
This is an effective approach for sites rendered on the server side, such as with Next.js.
:::

```tsx functional=true
const storage: ResizableStorage = useMemo(
  () => ({
    getItem: (key) => {
      const match = document.cookie.match(new RegExp(`(^| )${key}=([^;]+)`))

      return match ? match[2] : null
    },
    setItem: (key, value) => {
      document.cookie = `${key}=${value}; max-age=31536000; path=/`
    },
  }),
  [],
)

return (
  <Resizable
    h="md"
    rounded="md"
    borderWidth="1px"
    storageKey="persistence"
    storage={storage}
  >
    <ResizableItem as={Center} id="one">
      One
    </ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center} id="two">
      Two
    </ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
)
```

### Enable Collapsing

To enable collapsing, set `collapsible` to `true`.

Specify the minimum value before collapsing with `minSize`, and the value when collapsed with `collapsedSize`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem
      as={Center}
      collapsedSize={10}
      collapsible
      defaultSize={20}
      minSize={20}
      maxSize={30}
      onCollapse={() => {
        console.log("collapsed item")
      }}
      onExpand={() => {
        console.log("expand item")
      }}
    >
      One
    </ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable direction="vertical" h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem
      as={Center}
      collapsedSize={10}
      collapsible
      defaultSize={25}
      minSize={25}
      maxSize={30}
      onCollapse={() => {
        console.log("collapsed item")
      }}
      onExpand={() => {
        console.log("expand item")
      }}
    >
      One
    </ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Add Icons

To add icons, set a `ReactElement` to `icon`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger icon={<ResizableTriggerIcon />} />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable direction="vertical" variant="spacer" h="md">
    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      One
    </ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger icon={<ResizableTriggerIcon />} />

    <ResizableItem as={Center} rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      Two
    </ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Customize Icons

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger icon={<FontAwesomeIcon icon={faArrowsLeftRight} />} />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable direction="vertical" h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger icon={<FontAwesomeIcon icon={faArrowsLeftRight} />} />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Nested Structure

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Left</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem>
      <Resizable direction="vertical">
        <ResizableItem as={Center}>Top</ResizableItem>

        <ResizableTrigger />

        <ResizableItem as={Center}>Bottom</ResizableItem>
      </Resizable>
    </ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable direction="vertical" h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Top</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem>
      <Resizable>
        <ResizableItem as={Center}>Left</ResizableItem>

        <ResizableTrigger />

        <ResizableItem as={Center}>Right</ResizableItem>
      </Resizable>
    </ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Disable

To disable, set `isDisabled` to `true`. You can also disable individually by setting it on `ResizableTrigger`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Resizable isDisabled h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Three</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>

  <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
    <ResizableItem as={Center}>One</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger isDisabled />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>

    <ResizableTrigger />

    <ResizableItem as={Center}>Three</ResizableItem>
  </Resizable>
</VStack>
```

### Handle Resize Events

If you want to handle resize events, use `onResize`. `onResize` provides the changed size and the previous size.

```tsx
<Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
  <ResizableItem
    as={Center}
    onResize={(size, prevSize) => {
      console.log("resized", size, prevSize)
    }}
  >
    One
  </ResizableItem>

  <ResizableTrigger />

  <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
</Resizable>
```

### Control

```tsx functional=true
const controlRef = useRef<ResizableItemControl>(null)

return (
  <VStack>
    <Wrap gap="md">
      <Button
        onClick={() => {
          if (controlRef.current) controlRef.current.collapse()
        }}
      >
        Collapse "one"
      </Button>

      <Button
        onClick={() => {
          if (controlRef.current) controlRef.current.expand()
        }}
      >
        Expand "one"
      </Button>
      <Button
        onClick={() => {
          if (controlRef.current) controlRef.current.resize(30)
        }}
      >
        Resize "one" to 30
      </Button>

      <Button
        onClick={() => {
          if (controlRef.current) controlRef.current.resize(50)
        }}
      >
        Resize "one" to 50
      </Button>
    </Wrap>

    <Resizable h="md" rounded="md" borderWidth="1px">
      <ResizableItem
        as={Center}
        controlRef={controlRef}
        collapsible
        collapsedSize={15}
        minSize={30}
        maxSize={50}
      >
        One
      </ResizableItem>

      <ResizableTrigger />

      <ResizableItem as={Center}>Two</ResizableItem>
    </Resizable>
  </VStack>
)
```
