contents/components/data-display/calendar/index.mdx, before:

````
---
title: Calendar
description: "`Calendar` is a component for displaying or selecting dates in a calendar."
package_name: "@yamada-ui/calendar"
is_tabs: true
with_description: true
tab: Usage
---

## Import

```ts
import { Calendar } from "@yamada-ui/calendar"
````

## Usage

Here is an example of using a basic calendar.

```tsx
<Calendar />
```

### Change Variant

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar variant="solid" today defaultValue={new Date(new Date().setDate(1))} />
  <Calendar variant="subtle" today defaultValue={new Date(new Date().setDate(1))} />
</VStack>
```

### Change Size

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar size="sm" />
  <Calendar size="md" />
  <Calendar size="lg" />
  <Calendar size="full" />
</VStack>
```

### Change Color Scheme

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar
    variant="solid"
    colorScheme="secondary"
    today
    defaultValue={new Date(new Date().setDate(1))}
  />
  <Calendar
    variant="subtle"
    colorScheme="green"
    today
    defaultValue={new Date(new Date().setDate(1))}
  />
</VStack>
```

### Change Initial Type

To change the initial type, set `defaultType` to `date` or `month`. By default, `date` is set.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar defaultType="date" />
  <Calendar defaultType="month" />
  <Calendar defaultType="year" />
</VStack>
```

### Set Initial Date Value

To set the initial date value, set `defaultValue` to `Date`.

```tsx
<Calendar defaultValue={new Date()} />
```

### Set Initial Month Value

To set the initial month value, set `defaultMonth` to `Date`.

```tsx
<Calendar defaultMonth={new Date("1993-08-18")} />
```

### Change First Day of the Week

To change the first day of the week, set `firstDayOfWeek` to `monday` or `sunday`. By default, `monday` is set.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar firstDayOfWeek="sunday" />
  <Calendar firstDayOfWeek="monday" />
</VStack>
```

### Set Minimum and Maximum Dates

To set the selectable minimum and maximum dates, set `minDate` and `maxDate` to `Date`.

```tsx
<Calendar minDate={new Date(new Date().setDate(1))} maxDate={new Date(new Date().setDate(18))} />
```

### Highlight Today's Date

To highlight today's date, set `today` to `true`.

```tsx
<Calendar today />
```

### Set Weekend Days

To set weekend days, set `weekendDays` to an array of numbers. By default, `[0, 6]` is set.

```tsx
<Calendar weekendDays={[0, 1]} />
```

### Set Holidays

To set holidays, set `holidays` to an array of `Date`.

```tsx functional=true
const holidays = [
  new Date("2023-01-01"),
  new Date("2023-01-02"),
  new Date("2023-01-09"),
  new Date("2023-02-11"),
  new Date("2023-02-23"),
  new Date("2023-03-21"),
  new Date("2023-04-29"),
  new Date("2023-05-03"),
  new Date("2023-05-04"),
  new Date("2023-05-05"),
  new Date("2023-07-17"),
  new Date("2023-08-11"),
  new Date("2023-09-18"),
  new Date("2023-09-23"),
  new Date("2023-10-09"),
  new Date("2023-11-03"),
  new Date("2023-11-23"),
  new Date("2024-01-01"),
  new Date("2024-01-08"),
  new Date("2024-02-11"),
  new Date("2024-02-12"),
  new Date("2024-02-23"),
  new Date("2024-03-20"),
  new Date("2024-04-29"),
  new Date("2024-05-03"),
  new Date("2024-05-04"),
  new Date("2024-05-05"),
  new Date("2024-05-06"),
  new Date("2024-07-15"),
  new Date("2024-08-11"),
  new Date("2024-08-12"),
  new Date("2024-09-16"),
  new Date("2024-09-22"),
  new Date("2024-09-23"),
  new Date("2024-10-14"),
  new Date("2024-11-03"),
  new Date("2024-11-04"),
  new Date("2024-11-23"),
]

return <Calendar holidays={holidays} />
```

### Exclude Specific Dates

To exclude specific dates, use `excludeDate`.

```tsx
<Calendar excludeDate={(date) => date.getDay() === 0 || date.getDay() === 6} />
```

### Set Locale

To set the locale, import the data and set the target locale to `locale`.

```ts
import "dayjs/locale/ja"
```

```tsx
<Calendar locale="ja" />
```

:::note
For locales, please check [here](https://day.js.org/docs/en/i18n/instance-locale).
:::

### Change Date Format

To change the date format, set strings to `dateFormat` or `yearFormat`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar locale="ja" dateFormat="YYYY年 MMMM" />
  <Calendar locale="ja" defaultType="month" yearFormat="YYYY年" />
  <Calendar locale="ja" defaultType="month" monthFormat="MM" />
  <Calendar locale="ja" defaultType="year" yearFormat="YY" />
  <Calendar locale="ja" weekdayFormat="dd曜" />
</VStack>
```

:::note
For formats, please check [here](https://day.js.org/docs/en/display/format#list-of-localized-formats).
:::

### Disable Dates Outside the Current Month

To disable dates outside the current month, set `disableOutsideDays` to `true`.

```tsx
<Calendar disableOutsideDays />
```

### Change the Number of Months Displayed

To change the number of months displayed, set `amountOfMonths` to a number.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar amountOfMonths={1} disableOutsideDays />
  <Calendar amountOfMonths={2} disableOutsideDays />
  <Calendar amountOfMonths={3} disableOutsideDays />
</VStack>
```

### Change Pagination Unit

To change the pagination unit, set `paginateBy` to a number. By default, the same number as `amountOfMonths` is set.

```tsx
<Calendar amountOfMonths={2} disableOutsideDays paginateBy={1} />
```

### Allow Multiple Selection

To allow multiple selection, set `defaultValue` to an empty array.

```tsx
<Calendar defaultValue={[]} />
```

### Set Maximum Number of Selectable Values

To set the maximum number of selectable values, set `maxSelectedValues` to a number.

```tsx
<Calendar defaultValue={[]} maxSelectedValues={3} />
```

### Disable (Hide) Elements

To disable (hide) elements (such as headers or labels), set `withHeader` and others to `false`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar withHeader={false} />
  <Calendar withControls={false} />
  <Calendar withLabel={false} />
  <Calendar withWeekdays={false} />
</VStack>
```

### Control

```tsx functional=true
const typeRef = useRef<() => void>(null)
const prevRef = useRef<() => void>(null)
const nextRef = useRef<() => void>(null)

const onChangeType = () => {
  if (typeRef.current) typeRef.current()
}
const onPrev = () => {
  if (prevRef.current) prevRef.current()
}
const onNext = () => {
  if (nextRef.current) nextRef.current()
}

return (
  <VStack>
    <Wrap gap="md">
      <Button onClick={onPrev}>Prev</Button>
      <Button onClick={onChangeType}>Change Type</Button>
      <Button onClick={onNext}>Next</Button>
    </Wrap>

    <Calendar withHeader={false} typeRef={typeRef} prevRef={prevRef} nextRef={nextRef} />
  </VStack>
)
```

```tsx functional=true
const [type, onChangeType] = useState<CalendarProps["type"]>("month")

return <Calendar type={type} onChangeType={onChangeType} />
```

```tsx functional=true
const [month, onChangeMonth] = useState<Date>(new Date("1993-08-18"))

return <Calendar month={month} onChangeMonth={onChangeMonth} />
```

```tsx functional=true
const [value, onChange] = useState<Date>(new Date())

return <Calendar value={value} onChange={onChange} />
```

### Customize Label Button

To customize the label button, set `props` to `labelProps`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar labelProps={{ color: "red.500" }} />
  <Calendar labelProps={{ icon: <FontAwesomeIcon icon={faPoo} fontSize="0.75em" /> }} />
</VStack>
```

### Customize Control Buttons

To customize control buttons, set `props` to `controlProps`, `prevProps`, or `nextProps`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar controlProps={{ icon: <FontAwesomeIcon icon={faPoo} fontSize="0.75em" /> }} />
  <Calendar prevProps={{ icon: <FontAwesomeIcon icon={faPoo} fontSize="0.75em" /> }} />
  <Calendar nextProps={{ icon: <FontAwesomeIcon icon={faPoo} fontSize="0.75em" /> }} />
</VStack>
```

### Customize Styling

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar defaultType="year" yearProps={{ color: "gray.500" }} />
  <Calendar
    defaultType="year"
    yearProps={{
      component: ({ year }) => (
        <Tooltip label={year}>
          <Center as="span" w="full" h="full">
            {year}
          </Center>
        </Tooltip>
      ),
    }}
  />
</VStack>
```

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar defaultType="month" monthProps={{ color: "gray.500" }} />
  <Calendar
    defaultType="month"
    monthProps={{
      component: ({ year, month }) => (
        <Tooltip label={year}>
          <Center as="span" w="full" h="full">
            {month}
          </Center>
        </Tooltip>
      ),
    }}
  />
</VStack>
```

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar locale="ja" weekdayProps={{ color: "orange.500" }} />
  <Calendar
    locale="ja"
    weekdayProps={{
      component: ({ weekday }) => (
        <Tooltip label={`${weekday}曜日`} gutter={-8}>
          <Center as="span" w="full" h="full">
            {weekday}
          </Center>
        </Tooltip>
      ),
    }}
  />
</VStack>
```

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar
    dayProps={{
      color: "blue.500",
      _weekend: { color: "green.500" },
      _outside: { color: "orange.500" },
    }}
  />

  <Calendar
    dayProps={{
      sx: { _outside: { pointerEvents: "none" } },
      component: ({ isOutside, date }) =>
        !isOutside ? <Text as="span">{date.getDate()}</Text> : null,
    }}
  />

  <Calendar
    dayProps={{
      component: ({ col, row, date }) => (
        <Text as="span" color={col === 3 || row === 3 ? "blue.500" : undefined}>
          {date.getDate()}
        </Text>
      ),
    }}
  />
</VStack>
```

```tsx
<Calendar
  dateFormat="YYYY年 MMMM"
  locale="ja"
  size="full"
  type="date"
  headerProps={{ mb: 2 }}
  labelProps={{ pointerEvents: "none", icon: { display: "none" } }}
  tableProps={{
    border: "1px solid",
    borderColor: "border",
    th: { border: "1px solid", borderColor: "border" },
    td: { border: "1px solid", borderColor: "border" },
  }}
  dayProps={{
    h: "auto",
    p: 2,
    _selected: undefined,
    _hover: undefined,
    _active: undefined,
    transitionProperty: "none",
    component: ({ date, isSelected }) => (
      <VStack alignItems="center">
        <Center
          bg={isSelected ? "primary" : undefined}
          w={8}
          lineHeight={8}
          rounded="full"
          color={isSelected ? "white" : undefined}
          transitionProperty="background"
          transitionDuration="normal"
        >
          {date.getDate()}
        </Center>

        <List w="full" gap="sm">
          <ListItem
            w="full"
            bg="secondary"
            color="white"
            fontSize="sm"
            textAlign="center"
            px="2"
            rounded="md"
          >
            誕生日
          </ListItem>
        </List>
      </VStack>
    ),
  }}
/>
```

```

```

Commit message:

docs: added install warning for calendar component

contents/components/data-display/calendar/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Calendar
description: "`Calendar` is a component for displaying or selecting dates in a calendar."
package_name: "@yamada-ui/calendar"
is_tabs: true
with_description: true
tab: Usage
---

## Import

<PackageManagers packageNameOrCommand="@yamada-ui/calendar" />

:::note status=warning
`@yamada-ui/calendar` is not included in `@yamada-ui/react`, so it needs to be installed separately.
:::

```ts
import { Calendar } from "@yamada-ui/calendar"
```

## Usage

Here is a basic example of using the calendar.

```tsx
<Calendar />
```

### Change Variant

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar variant="solid" today defaultValue={new Date(new Date().setDate(1))} />
  <Calendar variant="subtle" today defaultValue={new Date(new Date().setDate(1))} />
</VStack>
```

### Change Size

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar size="sm" />
  <Calendar size="md" />
  <Calendar size="lg" />
  <Calendar size="full" />
</VStack>
```

### Change Color Scheme

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar
    variant="solid"
    colorScheme="secondary"
    today
    defaultValue={new Date(new Date().setDate(1))}
  />
  <Calendar
    variant="subtle"
    colorScheme="green"
    today
    defaultValue={new Date(new Date().setDate(1))}
  />
</VStack>
```

### Change Initial Type

To change the initial type, set `defaultType` to `date` or `month`. By default, `date` is set.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar defaultType="date" />
  <Calendar defaultType="month" />
  <Calendar defaultType="year" />
</VStack>
```

### Set Initial Date Value

To set the initial date value, set `defaultValue` to `Date`.

```tsx
<Calendar defaultValue={new Date()} />
```

### Set Initial Month Value

To set the initial month value, set `defaultMonth` to `Date`.

```tsx
<Calendar defaultMonth={new Date("1993-08-18")} />
```

### Change First Day of the Week

To change the first day of the week, set `firstDayOfWeek` to `monday` or `sunday`. By default, `monday` is set.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar firstDayOfWeek="sunday" />
  <Calendar firstDayOfWeek="monday" />
</VStack>
```

### Set Minimum and Maximum Dates

To set the selectable minimum and maximum dates, set `minDate` and `maxDate` to `Date`.

```tsx
<Calendar minDate={new Date(new Date().setDate(1))} maxDate={new Date(new Date().setDate(18))} />
```

### Highlight Today's Date

To highlight today's date, set `today` to `true`.

```tsx
<Calendar today />
```

### Set Weekend Days

To set weekend days, set `weekendDays` to an array of numbers. By default, `[0, 6]` is set.

```tsx
<Calendar weekendDays={[0, 1]} />
```

### Set Holidays

To set holidays, set `holidays` to an array of `Date`.

```tsx functional=true
const holidays = [
  new Date("2023-01-01"),
  new Date("2023-01-02"),
  new Date("2023-01-09"),
  new Date("2023-02-11"),
  new Date("2023-02-23"),
  new Date("2023-03-21"),
  new Date("2023-04-29"),
  new Date("2023-05-03"),
  new Date("2023-05-04"),
  new Date("2023-05-05"),
  new Date("2023-07-17"),
  new Date("2023-08-11"),
  new Date("2023-09-18"),
  new Date("2023-09-23"),
  new Date("2023-10-09"),
  new Date("2023-11-03"),
  new Date("2023-11-23"),
  new Date("2024-01-01"),
  new Date("2024-01-08"),
  new Date("2024-02-11"),
  new Date("2024-02-12"),
  new Date("2024-02-23"),
  new Date("2024-03-20"),
  new Date("2024-04-29"),
  new Date("2024-05-03"),
  new Date("2024-05-04"),
  new Date("2024-05-05"),
  new Date("2024-05-06"),
  new Date("2024-07-15"),
  new Date("2024-08-11"),
  new Date("2024-08-12"),
  new Date("2024-09-16"),
  new Date("2024-09-22"),
  new Date("2024-09-23"),
  new Date("2024-10-14"),
  new Date("2024-11-03"),
  new Date("2024-11-04"),
  new Date("2024-11-23"),
]

return <Calendar holidays={holidays} />
```

### Exclude Specific Dates

To exclude specific dates, use `excludeDate`.

```tsx
<Calendar excludeDate={(date) => date.getDay() === 0 || date.getDay() === 6} />
```

### Set Locale

To set the locale, import the data and set the target locale to `locale`.

```ts
import "dayjs/locale/ja"
```

```tsx
<Calendar locale="ja" />
```

:::note
For information about locales, please check [here](https://day.js.org/docs/en/i18n/instance-locale).
:::

### Change Date Format

To change the date format, set `dateFormat` or `yearFormat` to a string.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar locale="ja" dateFormat="YYYY年 MMMM" />
  <Calendar locale="ja" defaultType="month" yearFormat="YYYY年" />
  <Calendar locale="ja" defaultType="month" monthFormat="MM" />
  <Calendar locale="ja" defaultType="year" yearFormat="YY" />
  <Calendar locale="ja" weekdayFormat="dd曜" />
</VStack>
```

:::note
For information about formats, please check [here](https://day.js.org/docs/en/display/format#list-of-localized-formats).
:::

### Disable Dates Outside the Current Month

To disable dates outside the current month, set `disableOutsideDays` to `true`.

```tsx
<Calendar disableOutsideDays />
```

### Change the Number of Months Displayed

To change the number of months displayed, set `amountOfMonths` to a number.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar amountOfMonths={1} disableOutsideDays />
  <Calendar amountOfMonths={2} disableOutsideDays />
  <Calendar amountOfMonths={3} disableOutsideDays />
</VStack>
```

### Change Pagination Unit

To change the pagination unit, set `paginateBy` to a number. By default, the same number as `amountOfMonths` is set.

```tsx
<Calendar amountOfMonths={2} disableOutsideDays paginateBy={1} />
```

### Allow Multiple Selection

To allow multiple selection, set `defaultValue` to an empty array.

```tsx
<Calendar defaultValue={[]} />
```

### Set Maximum Number of Selectable Values

To set the maximum number of selectable values, set `maxSelectedValues` to a number.

```tsx
<Calendar defaultValue={[]} maxSelectedValues={3} />
```

### Disable (Hide) Elements

To disable (hide) elements (such as headers or labels), set `withHeader` and others to `false`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar withHeader={false} />
  <Calendar withControls={false} />
  <Calendar withLabel={false} />
  <Calendar withWeekdays={false} />
</VStack>
```

### Control

```tsx functional=true
const typeRef = useRef<() => void>(null)
const prevRef = useRef<() => void>(null)
const nextRef = useRef<() => void>(null)

const onChangeType = () => {
  if (typeRef.current) typeRef.current()
}
const onPrev = () => {
  if (prevRef.current) prevRef.current()
}
const onNext = () => {
  if (nextRef.current) nextRef.current()
}

return (
  <VStack>
    <Wrap gap="md">
      <Button onClick={onPrev}>Prev</Button>
      <Button onClick={onChangeType}>Change Type</Button>
      <Button onClick={onNext}>Next</Button>
    </Wrap>

    <Calendar withHeader={false} typeRef={typeRef} prevRef={prevRef} nextRef={nextRef} />
  </VStack>
)
```

```tsx functional=true
const [type, onChangeType] = useState<CalendarProps["type"]>("month")

return <Calendar type={type} onChangeType={onChangeType} />
```

```tsx functional=true
const [month, onChangeMonth] = useState<Date>(new Date("1993-08-18"))

return <Calendar month={month} onChangeMonth={onChangeMonth} />
```

```tsx functional=true
const [value, onChange] = useState<Date>(new Date())

return <Calendar value={value} onChange={onChange} />
```

### Customize Label Button

To customize the label button, set `labelProps` to `props`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar labelProps={{ color: "red.500" }} />
  <Calendar labelProps={{ icon: <FontAwesomeIcon icon={faPoo} fontSize="0.75em" /> }} />
</VStack>
```

### Customize Control Buttons

To customize the control buttons, set `controlProps`, `prevProps`, and `nextProps` to `props`.

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar controlProps={{ icon: <FontAwesomeIcon icon={faPoo} fontSize="0.75em" /> }} />
  <Calendar prevProps={{ icon: <FontAwesomeIcon icon={faPoo} fontSize="0.75em" /> }} />
  <Calendar nextProps={{ icon: <FontAwesomeIcon icon={faPoo} fontSize="0.75em" /> }} />
</VStack>
```

### Customize Styling

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar defaultType="year" yearProps={{ color: "gray.500" }} />
  <Calendar
    defaultType="year"
    yearProps={{
      component: ({ year }) => (
        <Tooltip label={year}>
          <Center as="span" w="full" h="full">
            {year}
          </Center>
        </Tooltip>
      ),
    }}
  />
</VStack>
```

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar defaultType="month" monthProps={{ color: "gray.500" }} />
  <Calendar
    defaultType="month"
    monthProps={{
      component: ({ year, month }) => (
        <Tooltip label={year}>
          <Center as="span" w="full" h="full">
            {month}
          </Center>
        </Tooltip>
      ),
    }}
  />
</VStack>
```

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar locale="ja" weekdayProps={{ color: "orange.500" }} />
  <Calendar
    locale="ja"
    weekdayProps={{
      component: ({ weekday }) => (
        <Tooltip label={`${weekday}曜日`} gutter={-8}>
          <Center as="span" w="full" h="full">
            {weekday}
          </Center>
        </Tooltip>
      ),
    }}
  />
</VStack>
```

```tsx
<VStack>
  <Calendar
    dayProps={{
      color: "blue.500",
      _weekend: { color: "green.500" },
      _outside: { color: "orange.500" },
    }}
  />

  <Calendar
    dayProps={{
      sx: { _outside: { pointerEvents: "none" } },
      component: ({ isOutside, date }) =>
        !isOutside ? <Text as="span">{date.getDate()}</Text> : null,
    }}
  />

  <Calendar
    dayProps={{
      component: ({ col, row, date }) => (
        <Text as="span" color={col === 3 || row === 3 ? "blue.500" : undefined}>
          {date.getDate()}
        </Text>
      ),
    }}
  />
</VStack>
```

```tsx
<Calendar
  dateFormat="YYYY年 MMMM"
  locale="ja"
  size="full"
  type="date"
  headerProps={{ mb: 2 }}
  labelProps={{ pointerEvents: "none", icon: { display: "none" } }}
  tableProps={{
    border: "1px solid",
    borderColor: "border",
    th: { border: "1px solid", borderColor: "border" },
    td: { border: "1px solid", borderColor: "border" },
  }}
  dayProps={{
    h: "auto",
    p: 2,
    _selected: undefined,
    _hover: undefined,
    _active: undefined,
    transitionProperty: "none",
    component: ({ date, isSelected }) => (
      <VStack alignItems="center">
        <Center
          bg={isSelected ? "primary" : undefined}
          w={8}
          lineHeight={8}
          rounded="full"
          color={isSelected ? "white" : undefined}
          transitionProperty="background"
          transitionDuration="normal"
        >
          {date.getDate()}
        </Center>

        <List w="full" gap="sm">
          <ListItem
            w="full"
            bg="secondary"
            color="white"
            fontSize="sm"
            textAlign="center"
            px="2"
            rounded="md"
          >
            誕生日
          </ListItem>
        </List>
      </VStack>
    ),
  }}
/>
```
